[Use Cases] add additional use cases for Key in libelektra-core (#4838)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/usecases/core/UC_key_clear.md

# Use Case: `Key` clear

## Summary

- **Scope:** `libelektra-core`
- **Level:** Developer Goal
- **Actors:** Core, Caller
- **Brief:** Clearing contents of a `Key`
- **Status:** Implemented

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
  - [`Key` has been created](UC_key_create.md)
- **Main success scenario:**

>   - Caller requests the fields of a `Key` should get cleard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Caller requests the data of a `Key` should get cleared
```

Data as in "what's publicly visible", some internal fields could remain or be set to specific values (e.g. sync flag).
